---
title: News
layout: page
permalink: /news
---

### Our work on mHealth for mental illness covered in Emory Lab Land article

*July 2017* - Imagine someone undergoing treatment by a psychiatrist.
How do we know the treatment is really working or should be modified? To
assess whether the patient's condition is objectively improving, the
doctor could ask him or her to take home a heart rate monitor and wear
it continuously for 24 hours. An app connected to the monitor could then
track how much the patient's heart rate varies over time and how much
the patient moves. [Read the article
here.](http://www.emoryhealthsciblog.com/big-data-with-heart-for-psychiatric-disorders/)

### PhD Student Receives Highest Academic Achievement

*November 2016* - Pradyumna Suresha, the newest PhD student in our lab,
was awarded the Institutional Gold Medal for securing highest GPA in
B.Tech -Electronics and Communication Engineering, batch of 2015-16; as
well as 1986 Batch Gold Medal for being the student with best academic
record in the department of ECE, NITK Surathkal India. Congratulations!

### Now Hiring

*October 2016* - We have openings for faculty and research positions in
machine learning and signal processing applied to biomedical informatics
and engineering.

[Jobs Here!](http://gdclifford.info/jobs)

### 2016 Cardiology Challenge Winners Announced

*14 Sept 2016* - The winners of this year\'s [PhysioNet/CinC
Challenge](http://physionet.org/challenge/2016) were announced at the
[CinC Conference](http://cinc.org/). Congratulations to everyone for a
tight run race! We enjoyed running this and hope you all submit to the
upcoming Physiological Measurement Special Issue.

### Emory Exposome

*28 May 2016* - In support of the Exposome mission, the Clifford Lab
will be offering live interactive demos to demonstrate some of the
useful capabilities of the Raspberry Pi, sensor technologies and cloud
computing. Event takes place June 12 in the plaza level auditorium of
the Claudia Nance Rollins building.

More information can be found at the event\'s website, located here:
[Emory Hercules](http://emoryhercules.com/), and [Human Exposome
Project](http://humanexposomeproject.com/).

### Chair Promotion

*April 2016* - Dr. Clifford appointed Interim Chair of Emory\'s
Department of Biomedical Informatics.

### PhysioNet / Computing in Cardiology Challenge 2016

*7 May 2016* - The Official Phase of the PhysioNet/Computing in
Cardiology Challenge 2016 has begun.

*February 2016* - The PhysioNet/Computing in Cardiology Challenge 2016,
co-organised by the Clifford Lab and the Laboratory for Computational
Physiology, is now open.
